MODIFY : Modifies README to add workaround for missing webrick dependency error during jekyll serve (#49)
vsoch/docsy-jekyll: README.md

bundle exec jekyll serve
```

> **NOTE:** If the above serve command throws error saying `require': cannot load such file -- webrick (LoadError)` try to run `bundle add webrick` (automatically adds webrick gem to the Gemfile) or manually add `gem "webrick"` line to the Gemfile and then run the serve command again.

Reviewer: This is a great tidbit! Here is a tiny tweak/suggestion:

```suggestion
**NOTE:** If the above serve command throws an error saying `require': cannot load such file -- webrick (LoadError)` try to run `bundle add webrick` to automatically add the webrick gem to your Gemfile, or manually add `gem "webrick"` line to the Gemfile and then run the serve command again.
```

Author: Sounds good. Done
